We wash our brush with odorless thinner. We don't want to set these clouds on fire. Let's do that again. It's life. It's interesting. It's fun.

Now then, let's play. You can do anything here. So don't worry about it. Making all those little fluffies that live in the clouds. All you need is a dream in your heart, and an almighty knife. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here.

There comes a nice little fluffer. This painting comes right out of your heart. It's all a game of angles. Be brave. The more we do this - the more it will do good things to our heart.

If we're gonna walk though the woods, we need a little path. Van Dyke Brown is a very nice brown, it's almost like a chocolate brown. I started painting as a hobby when I was little. I didn't know I had any talent. I believe talent is just a pursued interest. Anybody can do what I do.

There are no mistakes. You can fix anything that happens. Each highlight must have it's own private shadow. All you have to do is let your imagination go wild.

That's what painting is all about. It should make you feel good when you paint. The only prerequisite is that it makes you happy. If it makes you happy then it's good. Put your feelings into it, your heart, it's your world. Now, we're going to fluff this cloud. Son of a gun. Work that paint.

There is immense joy in just watching - watching all the little creatures in nature. Isn't that fantastic that you can create an almighty tree that fast? Every day I learn. You're the greatest thing that has ever been or ever will be. You're special. You're so very special. Nice little fluffy clouds laying around in the sky being lazy. Decide where your cloud lives. Maybe he lives right in here.

It's a super day, so why not make a beautiful sky? We start with a vision in our heart, and we put it on canvas. We need dark in order to show light. You can do anything here - the only pre-requisite is that it makes you happy.

And maybe, maybe, maybe... You need to have a very firm paint to do this. We'll put some happy little leaves here and there. This is your world, whatever makes you happy you can put in it. Go crazy. Here's something that's fun.

The light is your friend. Preserve it. Everybody's different. Trees are different. Let them all be individuals. Just a happy little shadow that lives in there. You're meant to have fun in life.

I want everbody to be happy. That's what it's all about. Every single thing in the world has its own personality - and it is up to you to make friends with the little rascals. Just make little strokes like that. As trees get older they lose their chlorophyll. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him. It looks so good, I might as well not stop.

Trees live in your fan brush, but you have to scare them out. That's a crooked tree. We'll send him to Washington. All you have to learn here is how to have fun.

Anything you want to do you can do here. Let your imagination be your guide. It's a good way of getting rid of all your anxieties and hostilities. You have to allow the paint to break to make it beautiful.

See there how easy that is. Don't be bashful drop me a line. You better get your coat out, this is going to be a cold painting. Clouds are free. They just float around the sky all day and have fun. You got your heavy coat out yet? It's getting colder. Just go out and talk to a tree. Make friends with it.

